---
layout: post
title: Pomodoro
date: 2018-05-21 17:21:00 +0900
categories: blog
tags: learning
---

I unexpectedly binged a Coursera - Learning How to Learn. True to the teachings of this course, the best way to learn is to recall and practice the things you have learned to create chunks in your brain and engrave it in the long term memory.

## Pomodoros

* blogging, financial update, shuffling, investment updates

## Zombie mode

The idea is to change the bad habits that trigger you into Zombie mode into good habits.
* Do push ups everyday at 6:30 AM

> Law of Serendipity - Lady Luck favors those who try.

## The process

I realized that this particular tip has been effective for me. In learning Korean, I focused on finishing daily flashcards from Anki instead of stressing about how long it will take for me to become fluent. In studying for GMAT, what helped me was the daily set of questions from GMAT Club, instead of focusing on a target score.

## Time to be superhuman
Eat frogs first
plan
reward yourself
delay rewards 

## Collections

Why not relive traumatic childhood memories? I collected basketball cards when I was young. I had good ones. Kobe's rookie card, some Jordans, Pippen, and probably KG. But my collection was given away by my mom to someone I don't even know. Lucky guy. I collected Pugad Baboy comics too. It was given to my cousin. Although I tried to get it back, I remember I wasn't able to retrieve all of it. My childhood collections gone, all of it. Mostly because my mom likes to throw away things. Good thing I remember that I had those, at least, embedded in my long term memory.
